Inerer Optional
I so I so regret it
My love time, until the last moment
Let's be separated, let's be separated
Let's meet again as it is
Drowning in the music
I admit my imperfect self
A fiction of a daydream
A lie and a true injustice
Forgive me for my imperfect love
I don't care, I'm living in this stage
君もかいて 外交愛想 風に巻いて 万物も飲むよ 嬉しわよ サラバまた会いましょう
I was buying a cat.
Continue.
Suddenly, a policeman came to talk to me.
Two, three people, and if I get caught like this, the cat will die.
It was a decision I shouldn't have made, so I'm the only one who knows I'm winning.
In Iwate Prefecture, Morioka City, in March 2016,
the incident where the woman and her mother and two other police officers were found at home.
ーHi also his dogー
ーатьー
The suspect was OMOTO.
This is an example of honor employee who found the body of Haono byalla them at home.
spannend
The DNA test later showed that the DNA of the victim and the marriage of the killer were the same.
The defense denied the crime in one fell swoop.
Even the evidence of the killer...
I picked it up. It's not mine.
That's impossible.
Because you wanted to look behind you, you refused to eat.
No. He was in a bad mood because he used drugs.
Is that a trauma?
Even if it is, he picked it up.
A bloody knife?
Why?
He was going to deliver it to the police later.
Later?
I know. It's impossible to say everything.
But I think it's impossible to consider the NPO's environment and the NPO's people who work in the housing industry.
NPO's people?
The NPO's main activities are to manage shelters and provide self-support to the elderly.
The NPO's people were there to take care of them as a job.
But they don't pay him.
He's paid his annual salary as a salary, and he only receives food and lunch.
Nevertheless, he receives 50,000 yen a month as his rent.
Egu.
It seems that the number of residents is not small.
Furthermore, the reason for the delay in the delivery of the weapon is...
It's a bad decision to call.
The police and the ambulance will be a nuisance to the neighbors.
The organization is quite gray.
Yes, it's almost black gray.
But, after the disaster recovery fund has been transferred,
the number of NPO officials who are suspicious of the operation has increased.
It's not surprising that the crisis is falling.
The possibility of the government's support for Shiro is 12%.
First, the organization's activities and tax credit.
First, we need to check the organization's activities and tax returns.
We need to check all the residents' accounts.
I'll ask the head of the family about the situation,
and you can proceed with the investigation.
Don't you think I'm putting a lot of pressure on you?
And can I buy a cat?
A cat?
I'm a black cat, but I do a lot of things.
I'm a very guilty person.
And murder is not a good time to be executed.
And it's possible to be sentenced to death.
It's a waste of time.
Hey, Mr. Higuruma.
Why did you take this case?
It's okay sometimes.
I'm not good at easy jobs.
Not sometimes.
I'm just saying what I think.
Hahaha, so you're still the same.
It's hard to be a boss if you're not interested in money.
I wouldn't say you should open a cafe in your second job like Takagi-san.
But still, have you been like this for a long time?
No it actually worse than before What When he was at home I was in charge of the dangerous driving
Oh, the drinking driving.
The defendant was 19 years old,
and drinking and driving were forced on the people at work.
But the person in charge was forced to talk to them,
and they couldn't get a fine,
and they couldn't get a bail.
I told you I'd be innocent!
I just said I'd do something to get the prosecution's attention.
I didn't say I'd be innocent.
You're done with this, right?
Stop being a criminal defense lawyer.
The weak are the strong.
That's a good thing, but...
You don't understand the courts and the police.
You're not a good judge.
You're not a good lawyer.
Well, it's fine.
We're the only ones who have a limit, without the understanding of the courts and the police.
We won't continue until the client is displeased.
They are being cornered both economically and mentally.
It's not impossible for me to win.
What will happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I...
The
I really won.
Not yet.
I'll be back soon.
Yes, I said Sõ's inhalation is the component that can see through.
Absolutely.
A blood drank a cruel death,
a standard without clean much was onto in the
I'm glad you didn't drown yourself.
Thank you very much, Dr. Higuruma.
Please forgive me.
Besides, you're breathing fast.
You still have a little breath.
That's not it.
Thank you for believing in me.
Thank you.
I'm glad you're okay.
I'm sorry.
The defense has to act with limited budget and numbers.
The police will give evidence with tax and manpower.
That's fine. That's the way it is.
But the police will not give any new evidence.
The court ruled that there was no reason to suspect the murder of the missing person.
The verdict was reversed.
The trial is a narrow one.
The court is almost completely free.
It's hard to even get a fair judgement.
This trial is a guilty one from the beginning.
Why do you look at me with those eyes?
What's going to happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I don't hold a grudge against the perpetrator.
I've always felt that I was wrong, and I can't leave that behind.
That's all that's been healed.
The Goddess of Justice closes her eyes for the sake of equality, and the people close their eyes for the sake of self-defense.
In the midst of all this, I want to keep my eyes open so that I don't shake off the hand that has been clinging to me.
If this verdict is not approved, please submit the statement of appeal within 15 days including today.
Mr. Higuruma?
All of you, go back.
Let's start over.
The sun is in Shinjuku.
It's in Ikebukuro.
Shinjuku.
Itadori is heading there.
Ikebukuro?
Is Shiguro there?
Sigh... Isn't it a bit too late?
When will she bring the next one?
The next day
...!
Ugh!
Eh W Ah no no It nothing working at all Then what is it Like this like this
Why are you so quiet?
You can just laugh and have fun.
Ah, I shouldn't have said that.
I didn't say it.
Why don't you understand?
Are you stupid?
I don't study or exercise often, but I have a high pride.
I just have to keep my spirits up and not get hurt.
That way, I won't be a burden to other people.
Sometimes I can have good thoughts.
Stop it.
There's another idiot.
That student, Nishichu?
Is he a junior?
속
dog
You're...
Me?
Hey!
What?
If you're going to go through Ikebukuro and head to Shinjuku, stop.
There's a lot of supplies around here.
The number of encounters with the player will increase.
There are two reasons why I'm passing by here.
It's easy to see the way.
There's my base nearby.
I even took a shower.
I haven't had a good rest since yesterday.
The train is based on this theater.
I hope it hasn't moved.
Oh, you saved me.
Thank you.
Wait.
What?
Are you really going?
I want to meet up with my friends, but I'm in a hurry.
I've never met a sun wheel, but that Haba-san was once beaten by a small-scale pan.
Then it's okay.
I won the head of the helicopter, so I can run away.
See you.
No...
I'm going to say it.
Please, stop this.
I'm sorry, Itadori.
Kiguruma...
Unfortunately, I'm Reggie.
You were tricked.
What's wrong with your face? I'm not scared at all.
I'm telling you, Lady...
Don't talk.
Oho!
It's a waste of time.
Who are you? What are you doing there?
You are...
Have you ever taken a bath in your clothes?
No.
I thought so. It feels good.
That's right.
I liked the class of diving in the sea when I was in elementary school.
I've been trying to do things that I've been thinking about doing, but it's been a mess.
I've been out of luck for over 30 years.
You laugh?
It's a little funny.
You're a sunfish, aren't you?
I'd like to talk to you.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm a lawyer.
If you talk to me, you'll get a 30-minute consultation fee of 5,000 yen.
What?
No, I'm just kidding.
I just wanted to answer some of the bad lawyers.
I see.
This guy from before...
You have 100 points, right?
He's not a past Jutsu master who was a beast.
He's a modern Jutsu master whose Jutsu style has evolved.
We can talk.
We have a place to negotiate.
Well, you passed, you passed.
Huh?
It's fine now, I understand.
That's a good sign.
You're strong, aren't you?
If you're weak, you can just kill me and that's it.
It's fine, you can be my friend.
What's that?
I didn't hear you.
What do you mean?
How much do you know about the Shime Tsukayu?
It's a ritual, right?
To use the power of the players within the barrier,
to turn the people of Japan into a sacrifice,
to turn them into something that no one can be.
I will not let you do that, Tengen-sama.
What are you, a friend with Kenjaku?
I thought you were here...
a magician involved with Kenjaku Um simply we want to end the Shimezu Kaiyuu Oh Tanma Rather than ending it I want to make the competition for this match a no
Please let me use 100 points of the fireball in addition to the rules for that.
I'll just say it for the record.
I refuse.
Is that a joke?
No, I just feel the possibility of the Shime-tsukaiyuu. Sometimes the law is powerless.
But what about the rules of the Shime-tsukaiyuu? If the power given to me is real, the rules are real too, right?
I'm using the power of the player you just mentioned. It's probably bluffing.
What?
No, I think it's a plan of second and third place rather than bluffing.
The basis is three.
The number of players, the ability of the players, and the rules of the barrier.
If about 1,000 players are evenly divided into 10 colonies, each colony has 100 players.
However, among the players and the sorcerers, there are some who are as weak as a fireball or a fireball.
Only these two have already been divided into 60 sorcerers.
There must be someone in each colony who looks like them.
Only the strong remain in the early stage.
The death row is approaching.
I felt it for sure.
The barrier is too quiet.
Already.
At least here, in Tokyo No. 1.
In addition, the transfer when you enter the colony.
There must be a purpose to scatter people.
The most important thing is to encourage the early double awakening of modern magicians.
Some people die from the transfer.
If you really want to use the power of the player, you should want to fight more and more magicians for longer and longer.
No need for the national and the national.
If the one who broke the rules is punished like the physical law without fighting the truth, isn't that wonderful?
I admit that the rules are problematic, but I want to keep an eye on the system of the Kaiyus.
It's not going to end soon.
I want to see the rule 2 and 8, especially the rule of the Jutsu.
I think if the rules are broken, you'll die.
The death of the Kaiyus is a ritual.
If you keep doing that, all the people in this country will die.
You're a hypocrite. The death of the Kaiyus is a song of the Eizoku.
I don't understand that either.
I'll change the way I say it.
Use the Hundred Points!
Higuruma!
You killed someone you don't like.
It feels better than I thought.
Shikigami.
Higuruma has 100 points.
Might have killed 20 grovers
Not cutting through in a jittery way
I may have little knowledge
but I do anti-offensive attacks
Please wait,
in silence
Cloudy East!
muerte!
The seeds that we sowed will start to bloom
You are getting colder
The palm of my hand cuts through the air
Won't it be the same as before?
I'm being swallowed by the waves that push me
I'm going forward while destroying the future
Will it end?
If I'm crushed, torn apart, and thrown away
I'm not afraid of anything, because it's empty
So I'm sure that the end will erase this day
I don't want anything anymore, I'm afraid to lose it again
And always moving straight to the next morning
Fittingly tracing the going down
stage
You can't fight me without your own power.
Do it again! One more time!